Documentation: Run status in kedro-viz (#2436)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: README.npm.md

- 📊 Rich metadata side panel to display parameters, plots, and more.
- 📊 Supports all types of [Plotly charts](https://plotly.com/javascript/)
- ♻️ Autoreload on code change

> - 🔍 Run Status tracking to monitor pipeline execution and debug issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔍 Visualise and inspect your kedro run to debug pipeline execution.
```

);
```

> ### Visualising Run Status data

Reviewer: i am not sure, let's agree with others too.

> ### Visualising Run Status data

Reviewer 2: Yep, no gerunds in titles please! @stichbury is watching 😄

| `sidebar`                  | boolean                                                                            | true                                                     | Show/Hide Sidebar and action toolbar                                                                                                                          |
| `zoomToolbar`              | boolean                                                                            | true                                                     | Show/Hide zoom-in, zoom-out and zoom reset buttons together                                                                                                   |
| `filterBtn`              | boolean                                                                            | false                                                     | Show/Hide filter button and sidebar toggle icon                                                                                                   |

> | `orientationBtn`              | boolean                                                                            | true                                                     | Show/Hide orientation button                                                                                                    |

Author: Yes!

| options.expandAllPipelines | boolean                                                                            | false                                                    | Expand/Collapse Modular pipelines on first load                                                                                                               |
| options.behaviour            |                                                                                    |                                                          |                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `reFocus`                  | boolean                                                                            | true                                                     | In the flowchart, enable or disable the node re-focus behaviour when clicking on nodes |

Author: Yes!
